index.md, before:

## Bayesian Forward Modeling Seminars

As part of the recently created LSST DESC Bayesian Pipelines Topical Team, we are organizing a series of community-wide open seminars on topics related to Bayesian Forward Modeling for the analysis of LSST data. The goal of these seminars, *open to anyone*, is to foster discussions of various modeling and technical aspects of a full end-to-end Bayesian pipeline.

To join the seminar, follow this [zoom link](https://stanford.zoom.us/j/92410482859?pwd=STBNQXBrTS8yVGdydXJxVFViSGZOQT09).


Seminars:

- **4th May 2022, 9am PT, noon ET, 6pm CEST**: *Galaxy SED Forward Modeling for Photometric Surveys* with guests [Andrew P. Hearin](https://www.anl.gov/profile/andrew-p-hearin), [ChangHoon Hahn](https://changhoonhahn.github.io/), and [Justin Alsing](https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=ICPFL8AAAAAJ&hl=en) - **[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uQidKB5XvidE8E6HPZ3deVjPoqHSN_fxJ5h-Hf0KMMw/edit?usp=sharing)** - **[Recording](https://stanford.zoom.us/rec/share/nRPpO7kiwKQvdEGJFDv1Kfo2qMNpxeqhXGOfkjFY1nUzLjg8ESVh_zGg0hLR_jqp.Za1wiuGmjMRSFtoj)**

- **30th March 2022, 8am PT, 11am ET, 5pm CEST**: *Perspectives for Bayesian pipelines in DESC* with guests [Jens Jasche](https://www.su.se/english/profiles/jeja4711-1.368011) and [Carles Sánchez](https://carlessanchezalonso.github.io)


Mailing list: Sign up [here](https://forms.gle/zPUK3cdtCC5aG2eH9) if you are interested to be added to our mailing list.

Commit message:

Update website for June 1st seminar

index.md, after:

## Bayesian Forward Modeling Seminars

As part of the recently created LSST DESC Bayesian Pipelines Topical Team, we are organizing a series of community-wide open seminars on topics related to Bayesian Forward Modeling for the analysis of LSST data. The goal of these seminars, *open to anyone*, is to foster discussions of various modeling and technical aspects of a full end-to-end Bayesian pipeline.

To join the seminar, follow this [zoom link](https://stanford.zoom.us/j/92410482859?pwd=STBNQXBrTS8yVGdydXJxVFViSGZOQT09).


Seminars:

- **1st June 2022, 9am PT, noon ET, 6pm CEST**: *Inference methods for field-level cosmological analysis* with guests [Chirag Modi](https://modichirag.github.io), [Guilhem Lavaux](http://www2.iap.fr/users/lavaux/), and [Marius Millea](https://cosmicmar.com), discussion moderated by [Ben Wandelt](https://benwandelt.org)
 
- **4th May 2022, 9am PT, noon ET, 6pm CEST**: *Galaxy SED Forward Modeling for Photometric Surveys* with guests [Andrew P. Hearin](https://www.anl.gov/profile/andrew-p-hearin), [ChangHoon Hahn](https://changhoonhahn.github.io/), and [Justin Alsing](https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=ICPFL8AAAAAJ&hl=en) - **[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uQidKB5XvidE8E6HPZ3deVjPoqHSN_fxJ5h-Hf0KMMw/edit?usp=sharing)** - **[Recording](https://stanford.zoom.us/rec/share/nRPpO7kiwKQvdEGJFDv1Kfo2qMNpxeqhXGOfkjFY1nUzLjg8ESVh_zGg0hLR_jqp.Za1wiuGmjMRSFtoj)**

- **30th March 2022, 8am PT, 11am ET, 5pm CEST**: *Perspectives for Bayesian pipelines in DESC* with guests [Jens Jasche](https://www.su.se/english/profiles/jeja4711-1.368011) and [Carles Sánchez](https://carlessanchezalonso.github.io)


Mailing list: Sign up [here](https://forms.gle/zPUK3cdtCC5aG2eH9) if you are interested to be added to our mailing list.
